hey guys welcome back to my channel this
is jesse from travis to that and today
i'm going to show you my dressing table
yeah this is my dressing table this is
the place where I where I usually do my
makeup and so let's see what i have here
so there is a tissue box is chanel
perfume that i usually use for my daily
perfume and i have clinic sample lotion
but i use for just um as a hand lotion
April skins magic snow cream this is a
whitening cream and I use this for a
quick makeup if I just go out in front
of my house or go to a supermarket
that's when I use this in my hair
products I usually use this organist
Oracle argan oil and I mix this with
this one this hair essence so prepare
essence I use these two products for my
hair care there is a very cute facial
mist it is the sams mojito facial mist
and I do not like it ice air puff Sun
SPF 50 plus and this is a pretty unique
product that i would like to introduce
to you guys you need to shake it and
pump it and that's how you use it um
maybe i will include this in my next
favorites video probably they shall
missed or make a fixer from vdl this is
a perfect facial mist and a mega fixer
that i have ever used in my life i
highly recommend this to you guys and
also have another facial mist that i
bought from nature republic super
aquamax facial mist i also have the
hairspray april skins maple queen
essence let's say very um moisturizing
and hydrating even soothing essence that
i would like to highly recommend to you
guys i love the scent it has a very
maple ish sent
after you apply this on your face you
just feel very relaxed because of the
sense probably another um facial oil
that I receive it as a present from my
office colleague this is the one that
she literally made it by herself it is a
organic argan oil and this really helped
me to soothe my skin and some two tiny
interesting products that i would like
to introduce this is a fragrance that
you could use after pooing literally
yeah but you know because you want to
remove the Yuppie smell of your poo so
you just need to spray it in the toilet
then you will have a very some nice
scent left in the toilet I don't know
and another facial miss that I recently
bought from the Sam fresh bamboo I
really like the package it looks so
fresh and pretty satisfied with this
product and this is what I'm recently
using now there are a lot of nail
products as you could see I use re
thumbs mono multi Neal's or the face
shops gel nails and it dude houses nails
blah blah blah these days I just visit
the nail shop and do the gel nails so I
recently didn't use these products and
there is my lovely Yankee Candle lemon
lavender scent it is my boyfriend gave
me as a present this is so beautiful
isn't it and here are my skincare
products this is Estee Lauder's advanced
timezone eye cream and this is a sample
that I received from Estee Lauder after
I bought Double Wear foundation origins
of serum original skin blah blah blah
serum and I really love the sense of
this this has a very um lemon ish herb
sent that I really love yeah I feel
really relaxed after applying this on my
skin
and this is skin food water very essence
that I almost ran out of it I think yep
I really loved this to this is really
hydrating and moisturizing and here is
in a scries product the green tea seat
serum and I use this right after I
finish my shower or right after I wash
my face I apply this first this is the
first step for my skincare routine the
sams arbonne a coherent katona urban
echo-hawk a emotion that i bought from
the Sam there is a very cute denim
makeup bag that I received from powder
room and at the back of here i have all
the Bath and Body Works hand sanitizer
and I have my moisturizing cream that i
bought from tony moly wander water
moisture cream this is basically what i
have on the top of my dressing table and
there are lots of makeup products inside
here but i think i need to first um
clean it and then introduce it to you
guys because it is really not organized
so yeah I'm sorry guys I think I will
fill another video soon after
reorganizing my um dressing table okay
so i hope you guys would have enjoyed
this and see you soon on my next video
bye bye